Deployment Launcher docs (#697)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/get-started/get-playing.md

# Get started: 5 - Get playing!

> Back in your SpatialOS [Console](https://console.improbable.io/projects), you should now see two deployments that you just created appear under your project. Select the one without the `_sim_players` suffix to get to the Overview page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Back in your SpatialOS [Console](https://console.improbable.io/projects), you should now see the two deployments that you just created appear under your project. Select the one without the `_sim_players` suffix to get to the Overview page:
```

> 

Reviewer: Just realised we called this "the OVERVIEW screen" in the mobile docs (when we mentioned cloud) (in case Jess spots this). Note to self to standardise "Overview page" is better.

Author: cc @jessicafalk ^^^

**For more of a challenge, let’s now invite 200 enemies you can fight it out against!**

These enemies are simulated players; they are `UnityClient` client-worker instances running in the cloud, mimicking real players of your game from a behavior and load perspective. Their behavior is currently quite simple, but you could extend them to include additional gameplay features.

In fact, as far as SpatialOS is concerned, these simulated players are indistinguishable from real players; both simulated players and real players are just `UnityClient` client-worker instances to SpatialOS, so this is a good approach for regular scale testing.

The simulated players are hosted in a separate deployment to ensure that they do not share resources with your `UnityGameLogic` server-worker instances. You can find this deployment by returning to your SpatialOS [Console](https://console.improbable.io/projects) and selecting the deployment with the `_sim_players` suffix.

> To get the legion of enemies started, we use [Worker Flags]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary.md#worker-flags), which you can find from your SpatialOS Console's Deployment Overview page:

Reviewer 2: should this be rephrased to a "you"-version instead of using "we"? it's a slightly confusing transition seeing as we use you everywhere else

In fact, as far as SpatialOS is concerned, these Unity Clients are indistinguishable from real players, so this is a good approach for regular scale testing.

> The enemies will be hosted in a separate deployment so that they do not share resources with your `UnityGameLogic` workers. You can find this deployment by returning to your SpatialOS [web Console](https://console.improbable.io/projects) and selecting the deployment with the `_sim_players` suffix.

Reviewer 2: are we calling it `SpatialOS web Console`? that looks weird

> The enemies will be hosted in a separate deployment so that they do not share resources with your `UnityGameLogic` workers. You can find this deployment by returning to your SpatialOS [web Console](https://console.improbable.io/projects) and selecting the deployment with the `_sim_players` suffix.

Reviewer: That's what it's called throughout the tutorials. 
We have to remember that this is often the first time anyone will have touched SpatialOS but will be familiar with Unity and the Console in the Unity Editor. In order to make it very clear which Console we are talking about every time, we have "SpatialOS web Console".

In fact, as far as SpatialOS is concerned, these Unity Clients are indistinguishable from real players, so this is a good approach for regular scale testing.

> The enemies will be hosted in a separate deployment so that they do not share resources with your `UnityGameLogic` workers. You can find this deployment by returning to your SpatialOS [Console](https://console.improbable.io/projects) and selecting the deployment with the `_sim_players` suffix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The enemies are hosted in a separate deployment to ensure that they do not share resources with your `UnityGameLogic` workers. You can find this deployment by returning to your SpatialOS [Console](https://console.improbable.io/projects) and selecting the deployment with the `_sim_players` suffix.
```

> To get the legion of enemies started, we will use [Worker Flags]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary.md#worker-flags), which you can find from your SpatialOS Console's Deployment Overview page:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the legion of enemies started, we use [Worker Flags]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary.md#worker-flags), which you can find from your SpatialOS Console's Deployment Overview page:
```
